Heat. Hey, Heat.
Heat. Heat. N.
Heat. Heat.
>> [music]
>> Heat. Heat.
Happy
birthday.
Heat. Heat.
[music]
By daddy
gy.
[music]
I'm
doo.
Heat. Heat.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Hey
everybody.
Heat. Heat.
Little
heat.
>> [music]
>> Heat. Hey, Heat.
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
Good afternoon. My name is Sarah and I
will be your conference operator today.
At this time, I would like to welcome
everyone to Nvidia's fourth quarter
earnings call. All lines have been
placed on mute to prevent any background
noise. After the speaker's remarks,
there will be a question and answer
session. If you would like to ask a
question during this time, simply press
star followed by the number one on your
telephone keypad. If you would like to
withdraw your question, press star one
again. Thank you. So, you may begin your
conference.
>> Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and
welcome to Nvidia's conference call for
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026.
With me today from Nvidia are Jensen
Wong, president and chief executive
officer, and Colette Crest, executive
vice president and chief financial
officer. Our call is being webcast live
on Nvidia's investor relations website.
The webcast will be available for replay
until the conference call to discuss our
financial results for the first quarter
of fiscal 2027.
The content of today's call is Nvidia's
property. It can't be reproduced or
transcribed without our prior written
consent. During this call, we may make
forward-looking statements based on
current expectations. These are subject
to a number of significant risks and
uncertainties, and our actual results
may differ materially.
For a discussion of factors that could
affect our future financial results in
business, please refer to the disclosure
in today's earnings release, our most
recent forms 10K and 10Q, and the
reports that we may file on form 8K with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.
All our statements are m made as as of
today, February 25th, 2026 based on
information currently available to us
except as required by law. We assume no
obligation to update any such
statements. During this call, we will
discuss non-GAAP financial measures. You
can find a reconciliation of these
non-GAAP financial measures to GAP
financial measures in our CFO commentary
which is posted on our website. With
that, let me turn the call over to
Colette.
Thanks, Toshia. We delivered another
outstanding quarter with record revenue,
operating income, and free cash flow.
Total revenue of 68 billion was up 73%
yearover-year, accelerating from Q3.
Growth on a sequential basis was also a
record as we added 11 billion in data
center revenue across a diverse and
expanding set of customers including
cloud providers, hyperscalers, AI model
makers, enterprises and sovereign
nations. Demand for our Blackwell
architecture, extreme codees at data
center scale continues to strengthen as
inference deployments grow in addition
to training. The transition to
accelerated computing and the infusion
of AI across existing hypers scale
workloads continue to fuel our growth.
Agentic and physical AI applications
built on increasingly smarter and
multimodal models are beginning to drive
our financial performance. On a fullear
basis, data center generated revenue of
194 billion, up 68% year-over-year.
We have now scaled our data center
business by nearly 13x
since the emergence of chat GPT in
fiscal 2023.
We look ahead, we expect sequential
revenue growth throughout calendar 2026,
exceeding what was included in the 500
billion Blackwell and Reuben revenue
opportunity we shared last year. We
believe we have inventory and supply
commitments in place to address future
demand, including shipments extending
into calendar 2027.
Every data center is power constrained.
Customers make critical architectural
decisions based on performance per watt
given these constraints and the need to
maximize AI factory revenue.
SA analysis declared NVIDIA inference
king as recent results from inference X
reinforced our inference leadership with
GB300 NVL72
achieving up to 50x performance per watt
and 35x lower cost per token compared
with HP [clears throat] and continuous
optimization of CUDA software helped
deliver up to five times better
performance on GB200 NVL72
just within four months.
NVIDIA produces the lowest cost per
token and data centers running on NVIDIA
generate the highest revenues.
Our pace of innovation particularly at
our scale is unmatched fueled by an
annual R&D budget approaching 20 billion
and our ability to extreme codees across
compute and networking across chips,
systems, algorithms and softwares. We
intend to deliver X factor leaps in
performance per watt every generation
and extend our leadership position over
the long term.
Q4 data center revenue of 62 billion
increased 75% year-over-year and 22%
sequentially driven primarily by
sustained strength in Blackwell and the
Blackwell Ultra Ramp with Nvidia
infrastructure in high demand. Even
Hopper and much of the six-year-old
Ampearbased products are sold out in the
cloud. Nearly a year has passed since
the release of our Grace Blackwell G
NVL72 systems. Today, nearly nine
gigawatts of infrastructure on Blackwell
are deployed and consumed by the major
cloud service providers, hyperscalers,
AI model makers, and enterprises.
Networking, a cornerstone of our data
center scale infrastructure offering,
was a standout this quarter, generating
11 billion in revenue, up more than 3.5x
year-over-year.
Demand for our scale up and scale out
technologies reached record levels both
growing double digit sequentially driven
by strong adoption of NVLink spectrum X
Ethernet and infinib
on a year-over-year basis. Growth was
driven primarily by Envy Link 72 scaleup
switches as Grace Blackwell systems
accounted for roughly 23 of data center
revenue in the quarter. Envy link
scaleup fabric has revolutionized
computing and demonstrates the power of
extreme code design across all of the
chips of the supercomputer and the full
stack. In Q4, we announced that we will
enable AWS with NVLink to integrate with
their custom silicon.
Momentum is strong with our Spectrum X
Ethernet scale up and scale across
networking as customers work to unify
distributed data centers into integrated
gigascale AI factories.
For the full year, our networking
business exceeded 31 billion in revenue,
up more than 10x compared to fiscal
2021, the year we acquired Melanox.
Our demand profile is broad, diverse,
and expanding beyond just chat bots.
First, there is a fundamental platform
shift from classical machine learning to
generative AI. strong evidence of ROI as
hyperscalers upgrade massive traditional
workloads to generative AI, including
search, ad generation, and content
recommener systems, is encouraging our
largest customers to accelerate their
capital spending. For example, at Meta,
advancements in their gem model drove a
3.5 increase in ad clicks on Facebook
and more than 1% gain in conversations
on Instagram, translating into
meaningful revenue growth. With the same
NVIDIA infrastructure, Meta Super
Intelligence Labs can train and deploy
their frontier agentic AI systems.
Frontier Aenic systems have reached an
inflection point. Claude code, claude
co-work and open AAI codecs have
achieved useful intelligence.
Adoption is skyrocketing and tokens are
profitable driving extreme urgency to
scale up compute.
Compute directly translate to
intelligence and revenue growth.
Analysts expectations for 2026 capex
across the top five cloud providers and
hyperscalers who collectively account
for a little over 50% of our data center
revenue are up nearly 120 billion since
the start of the year and approaching
700 billion. We continue to expect the
transition of classic data center
workloads to GPU accelerated computing
and the use of AI to enhance today's
hypers scale workloads and contribute
toward roughly half of our long-term
opportunity.
Every country will build and operate
some parts of its AI infrastructure just
like with electricity and internet
today. In fiscal year 2026, our
sovereign AI business more than tripled
year-over-year and over 30 billion
driven primarily by customers based in
Canada, France, the Netherlands,
Singapore, and the UK. Over the long
run, we expect our sovereign opportunity
to grow at least in line with the AI
infrastructure market as countries spend
on AI proportional to their GDP.
While small amounts of H200 products for
China based customers were approved by
the US government, we have yet to
generate any revenue and we do not know
whether any imports will be allowed into
China. Our competitors in China,
bolstered by recent IPOs, are making
progress and have the potential to
disrupt the structure of the global AI
industry over the long term. To sustain
its leadership position in AI compute,
America must engage every developer and
be the platform for choice for every
commercial business, including those in
China.
We will continue to engage with the US
and China governments and advocate for
America's ability to compete around the
world.
We unveiled the Reuben platform last
month at CES comprised of six new chips.
The Vera CPU, Reuben GPU, Envy Link 6
switch, ConnectX9 Supernet, Bluefield 4
DPU, and Spectrum 6 Ethernet switch. The
platform will train models with 1/4th
the number of GPUs and reduce inference
token costs by up to 10x compared to
Blackwell.
We shipped our first Vera Rubin samples
to customers earlier this week and we
remain on track to commence production
shipments in the second half of the year
based on its modular cablefree trade
design. Reuben will deliver improved
resiliency and serviceability relative
to Blackwell. We expect every cloud
model builder to deploy Vera Rubin.
Moving to gaming, gaming revenue of 3.7
billion increased 47% year-onear driven
by strong Blackwell demand and improved
supply. GeForce RTX is the leading
platform for PC gamers, creators, and
developers. In Q4, we added several new
technologies and advancements, including
DLSS 4.5, which uses AI to bring game
visuals to a new level. G-Sync Pulsar,
bringing incredible clear graphics, even
in motion, and 35% faster LLM inference
across leading AIPC frameworks.
Looking ahead, while end demand for our
products remains strong and channel
inventory levels are healthy, we expect
supply constraints to be the headwind to
gaming in Q1 and beyond.
For professional visualization, it
crossed the 1 billion mark for the first
time with revenue of 1.3 billion, up
159% year-over-year and 74%
sequentially. During the quarter, we
launched the RTX Pro 5000 Blackwell
Workstation with 72 gigabytes of fast
memory for AI me AI developers running
LLM and agentic workflows.
Automotive revenue of 64 million was up
6% year-over-year and was driven by
robust demand for self-driving
solutions. At CES, we introduced Alpamo,
the world's first open portfolio of
reasoning, vision, language, action
models, simulation blueprints, and data
sets, enabling vehicles that can think.
The first passenger car featuring Alpha
Mayo, built on NVIDIA Drive, will be on
the road soon in the new Mercedes-Benz
CLA.
Physical AI is here, having already
contributed north of six billion in
Nvidia revenue in fiscal year 2026.
Robo taxi rides are growing
exponentially with commercial fleets
from Whimo, Tesla, Uber, Wide, and Zuks.
and many others are expected to scale
from thousands of vehicles in 2025 to
millions over the next decade, creating
a market poised to generate hundreds of
billions of dollars of revenue. This
expansion will demand orders of a
magnitude more compute with every major
OEM and service provider developing on
Nvidia's platform. We continue to
advance robotics development with the
new NVIDIA Cosmos and ISA group, open
models, frameworks, and NVIDIA's powered
robots and autonomous machines for
leading companies including Boston
Dynamics, Caterpillar, Franco Robotics,
LG Electronics, and Neuroo Robotics.
To accelerate industrial physical AI
adoption, we also announced new
expanding partnerships with Disso
Systems, Seammens and Synopsis to bring
NVIDIA AI infrastructure, Omniverse
digital twins, world models and CUDA X
libraries to millions of researchers,
designers, and engineers building the
world's industries.
Let's move to the rest of the P&L. Gap
gross margin was 75% and non-GAAP gross
margin was 75.2%
increasing sequentially as backwell
continued to ramp. GAP operating
expenses were up 16% sequentially and up
21% on a non-GAAP basis related to new
product introductions and compute and
infrastructure costs.
Non-GAAP effective tax rate for the
fourth quarter was 15.4% 4% below our
outlook for the quarter primarily due to
the impact of a one-time tax benefit.
Inventory grew 8% quarter quarter while
purchase commitments also increased
significantly as we have strategically
secured inventory and capacity to meet
demand beyond the next several quarters.
This is further out in time than usual
and reflects the longer demand
visibility we have. While we expect
tightness in the supply for our advanced
architectures to persist, we remain
confident in our ability to capitalize
on the growth opportunity ahead with our
scale, expansive supply chain, and the
longstanding partnerships continuing to
serve us well.
We generated free cash flow of 35
billion in Q4 and 97 billion in fiscal
year 2026. For the year, we returned 41
billion or 43% of free cash flow to our
shareholders in the form of share
repurchases and dividends. We continue
to invest in our technology and our
ecosystem to cultivate market
development, drive long-term growth, and
ultimately yield total shareholder
returns superior to the market or our
peer group. Importantly, we will
continue to run a strategic and
disciplined process as it relates to our
investments, and we remain committed to
returning capital to our shareholders.
Let me turn to the outlook for the first
quarter. Starting this quarter, we will
be including stockbased compensation
expense in our non-GAAP results.
Stockbased compensation is a
foundational component of our
compensation program to attract and
retain worldclass talent. Let me first
start with revenue. Total revenue is
expected to be 78 billion plus or minus
2%. We expect most of our growth to be
driven by data center. Consistent with
last quarter, we are not assuming any
data center compute revenue from China
in our outlook.
Gap and non-GAAP gross margins are
expected to be 74.9%
and 75%
respectively plus or minus 50 basis
points. For the full year, we continue
to see gross margins in the mid70s.
We'll keep you updated on our progress
as we prepare for the Vera Rubin
transition.
GAP and non-GAAP operating expenses are
expected to be approximately 7.7 billion
and 7.5 billion respectively, including
stockbased compensation expense of 1.9
billion. For the full year, we expect
non-GAAP operating expenses to grow in
the low 40s on a year-over-year basis as
we continue to invest in our expanding
opportunity
set
for the full year fiscal year 27. We
expect gap and non-GAAP tax rates to be
in between 7 and 19% excluding any
discrete items and material changes to
our tax environment.
With that, let me turn the call over to
Jensen. I think he has a few words for
us.
>> This quarter, [clears throat] we
significantly deepened and expanded our
partnerships with leading frontier model
makers.
We recently celebrated OpenAI's launch
of GPT 5.3 codecs trained with and
inferencing on Grace Blackwell and
VLink72 systems. GPT 5.3 codeex can take
on long running tasks that involve
research, tool use, and complex
execution.
5.3 Codeex is deployed broadly inside
Nvidia. Our engineers love it.
We continue to work with OpenAI toward a
partnership agreement and believe we are
close. We are thrilled with our ongoing
partnership with OpenAI, a once- ina
generation company we've had the
pleasure of partnering with since their
first days.
Meta Super Intelligence Labs is scaling
up at lightning speed. Last week, we
announced that Meta is deploying
millions of Blackwells and Reuben GPUs,
Nvidia CPUs, and Spectrum X Ethernet for
training and inference.
This quarter we announced a partnership
with Anthropic and a $10 billion
investment in their company. Anthropic
will train an inference on Grace
Blackwell and Vera Rubin Systems.
Anthropic's Claude Codework
agent platform is revolutionary and has
opened up floodgates for enterprise AI
adoption.
Between cloud co-work and open claw
compute demand is skyrocketing and chad
GPT moment of agentic AI has arrived
with partnerships spanning anthropic
meta open AI and XAI. NVIDIA deployed
across every cloud and with our ability
to build full stack AI infrastructure
from the ground up or support them in
the cloud.
We're uniquely positioned to partner
with frontier model builders at every
stage training inference and AI factory
scaleout.
Finally, we recently entered into a
non-exclusive licensing agreement with
Grock for its low latency inference
technology and welcomed a team of
brilliant engineers to Nvidia. As we did
with Melanox, we will extend NVIDIA's
architecture with Gro's innovations to
enable new levels of AI infrastructure
performance and value. We look forward
to sharing more at GTC next month.
Okay, back to you.
We will now transition to Q&A. Operator,
please pull for questions.
[clears throat]
>> At this time, I would like to remind
everyone in order to ask a question,
press star, then the number one on your
telephone keypad. We'll pause for just a
moment to compile the Q&A roster.
Your first question comes from VC area
with Bank of America Securities. Your
line is open.
>> Uh, thanks for taking my question. Um I
think you mentioned that uh you now have
growth uh visibility into uh calendar uh
27 also and I think your your purchase
commitments kind of reflect that
confidence but Jensen I'm curious u you
know when you look at uh your uh top
cloud customers uh cloud capex close to
700 billion this year many investors are
concerned that uh it would be harder for
this level to grow into next year and
for several of them their cash flow
generation capability is also getting
compressed. Um, so I know you're very
confident about your uh road map, right?
And and your purchase commitments and
whatnot, but how confident are you about
your customers ability to continue to
grow their uh capex and if their capex
doesn't grow, can Nvidia still find a
way to grow uh in that envelope? Thank
you.
>> I am confident in their cash flow
growing and the reason for that is very
simple. We have now seen the inflection
of agentic AI and the usefulness of
agents across the world and enterprises
everywhere. You're seeing incredible
compute demand because of it. In this
new world of AI,
compute is revenues. Without compute,
there's no way to generate tokens.
Without tokens, there's no way to grow
revenues. So in this new world of AI,
compute equals revenues and I am certain
that at this point with the product
productive use of codecs and cloud code
and the the excitement around cloud
co-work and you know just the the
incredible
enthusiasm about open claw and the
enterprise versions of them um all of
the enterprise ISVS who are now working
on agentic systems on top of their tools
platforms. I I am certain at this point
that we are at the inflection point.
We've reached the inflection point and
we're generating profitable tokens that
are productive for customers and
profitable for the cloud service
providers. And so the simple the simple
logic of it, the simple way to think
about it is computing has changed. What
used to be software running on
computers, modest amount of computers,
you know, call it three or 400 billion
dollars worth of capex each year has now
gone into AI. And AI in order to have uh
in order to generate tokens, you need
compute capacity and that translates
directly to growth and that translates
directly to revenues.
Your next question comes from Joe Moore
with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
>> Great. Thank you and congratulations on
the numbers. Um you you talked about
some of the strategic investments that
you've made into Anthropic and
potentially OpenAI U Cor as well, but
also partners Intel, Nokia, Synopsis,
you know, you're you're you're clearly
at the center of everything. Can you
talk about the role of those investments
and kind of how do you view u the
balance sheet as a tool to kind of grow
the Nvidia's position in the ecosystem
and and participate in that growth?
>> As you know fundamentally at the core of
everything Nvidia is our ecosystem.
That's what everybody loves about our
business. The richness of our ecosystem.
Just about every startup in the world is
working on Nvidia's eos on Nvidia's
platform. We're in every cloud. We're in
every onrem data center. We're all over
the world's edge and robotic systems.
Thousands of AI natives are built on top
of NVIDIA. We want to take the great
opportunity that we have as we're in the
beginning of this new computing era,
this new computing um platform shift to
put everybody on Nvidia. Everybody,
everything is already built on CUDA. And
so it's we're starting from a really
terrific starting point, but as we build
out the entire AI ecosystem, whether
it's in AI for language or physical AI
or AI physics or biology or robotics or
manufacturing, we want all of these
ecosystems to be built on top of NVIDIA.
And this is such a wonderful opportunity
for us to invest into the ecosystem
across the entire stack. Our ecosystem
is also richer today than it used to be.
We used to be largely a computing
platform on GPUs, but now we're a
computing AI infrastructure company and
we have computing platforms on well
every aspect of that. And everything
from computing to AI models to
networking to our DPU, all of that has
computing stacks on top of it. And as I
mentioned before, whether it's in
enterprise or in manufacturing,
industrial or science or robotics, each
one of these ecosystems have different
stacks. And we want to make sure that we
continue to invest into our ecosystem.
So our investments are focused very
squarely strategically on expanding and
deepening our ecosystem reach.
Your next question comes from Harlen
Sour with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking
my question. Networking continues to
rise as a percentage of your overall
data center profile, right? Through
fiscal 26, your networking revenues
accelerated on a year-over-year basis
every single quarter, right? With 3.6x
6x growth as you guys mentioned
year-over-year growth in Q4
obviously on the strength of your scale
up and scale out networking product
portfolio. I seem to remember that first
half of last year your annualized run
rate on your Spectrumax Ethernet
switching platform was around 10 billion
annualized. It looks like that may have
stepped up to around 11 12 billion in
the second half of last year. Jensen,
looking at your order book, especially
with Spectrum XGS, upcoming 102T,
Spectrum 6 switching platforms launching
soon, where is the Spectrum runway
trending now and as you foresee exiting
sort of this calendar year?
>> Yeah. Um you know as you know we see
ourselves as an AI infrastructure
company and the AI computing
infrastructure includes CPUs, GPUs and
we invented MVLink to scale up the one
computing node into a giant computing
rack. We invented the idea of a rack
scale computer. We know we don't ship
nodes of computers, we ship racks of
computers and those that MVLink that
MVLink switch scale up system is then
scaled out using spectrum X and
infiniband we support both and then
further we also scale across data
centers using spectrum X scale across
and so the way we think about networking
is really an extension it's it we offer
everything openly so that people could
decide to mix and match and different
scale and you know however they would
like to integrate it into their bespoke
data center but in the final analysis
it's all one big part of our platform
and the invention of MVLink
uh uh really turbocharged our networking
business every rack comes with nine
nodes of switches and each one of them
has two chips in it and in the future
they'll have more and so the amount of
switching that we do per rack is really
quite incredible. We're also now the
largest networking company in the world
and and uh if you look at Ethernet, we
came into the Ethernet market about a
couple of years ago into Ethernet
switching and I I think that we're
probably the largest Ethernet um
networking company in the world today
and surely will be soon. And so Spectrum
X Ethernet has been a home run for us.
Um but you know we're open to however
people want to do uh networking. Some
people just really love the low latency
and the scale up capability of
Infiniband and we will continue to
support that of course and and uh some
people love to integrate uh their
networking across their data center
based on Ethernet and we created a a uh
an Ethernet capability that that extends
Ethernet with artificial intelligence
way of processing in the data center.
And we're incredibly good at that. And
our SpectrumX performance really shows
it. You know, the difference of when
you've when you built a 10 billion or 20
billion dollar AI factory, the
difference of 10%, you know, and and it
could be easily 20% on the effectiveness
and the through the the utilization of
your network for your data center that
translates to real money. And so
Nvidia's networking business is really
really growing fast. And it's, you know,
I think it's just because because we we
built the the AI infrastructure so
effectively and the AI infrastructure
business is growing incredibly fast.
>> Your next question comes from CJ Muse
with Caner Fitzgerald. Your line is
open.
>> Yeah, good afternoon. Thank you for
taking the question. Um I guess with CPX
for large context Windows and Grock
likely adding a decode specific solution
curious how we should think about your
future roadmap. Should we be thinking
about customized silicon either by
workload or customer as an increasing
focus by Nvidia particularly held by
your move uh to a dilate architecture?
Thanks so much.
Um
we don't use we we want to
everybody should want to extend push out
dialect as long as they can and the
reason for that is because every time
you cross a dialect you have a dilelet
you have to cross an interface. Every
time you cross an interface you add
latency you add power unnecessarily. Um
we're not allergic to dillet we use
dillets already. Um but we try to use
dillettts only when we absolutely have
no choice but to do so. And so we if you
look at the Grace Blackwell architecture
and the Reuben architecture, we use two
giant reticle limited dyes and we abut
them and that reduces the amount of
architecture crossing. The dillet tax
shows up in the architecture
effectiveness of um of the competitors.
If you look at Nvidia, people call it
our software advantage. But you know
where software starts and architecture
starts and ends is kind of hard to tell.
It's, you know, our software is
effective because our architecture is so
good. And so the the CUDA architecture
is unquestionably more effective, um,
more efficient, delivers more
performance per flop, per watt than any
computing architecture out there. And
it's because of the way we architect.
with respect to um uh how we think about
uh Grock and and the low latency
decoder. I've got some great ideas that
I'd like to share with you at GTC.
But the simple idea is that our our
infrastructure is incredible ver
incredibly versatile because of CUDA and
we're going to continue to continue to
do that. you know, all of our GPUs are
architecturally compatible, which means
that when I'm working on optimizing
models today uh for Blackwell, all of
that work and all that dedication to
optimizing software stacks and new
models also benefit Hopper and also
benefit Ampear. It's the reason why A100
uh continues to feel fresh and continues
to stay performant um years after we've
deployed it into the world. Architecture
compatibility allows us to do that. It
allows us to invest enormously in
software engineering and optimization
knowing that our entire install base in
the cloud on prem everywhere from
generations of architectures of GPUs
will all benefit and so we'll continue
to do that and allows us to extend the
useful life allows us to have innovation
flexibility and velocity which
translates to performance and very
importantly performance performance per
dollar and performance per watt for our
customers. And and so what we'll do with
Grock is uh you'll you'll you'll come to
see come to see GTC um but what we'll do
is we'll extend our architecture uh with
Grock as an accelerator in very much the
way that we extended NVIDIA's
architecture with Melanox.
Next question comes from Stacy Rascan
with Bernstein Research. Your line is
open.
>> Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions.
Um, Colette, I wanted to dig a little
bit into the the call for sequential
growth through the year. So I mean you
you grew this quarter more than 10
billion sequentially in in data center
and the guide seems to imply you know
the bulk of of of the increase 10
billion sequential in data center like
how do you see that as we go through the
year especially as Reuben ramps into the
back half. Blackwell has been a pretty
massive acceleration for sequential
growth. Should we expect something
similar as we get to Reuben? And then I
was also just hoping you could comment
on your expectations for gaming. I
understand the memory issues and
everything else. Do you think gaming can
still grow year-over-year in fiscal 27
or will that be under more pressure
given memory? So, those two questions,
please. Thank you.
>> Um uh thanks Stacy. Let me let me start
with um the revenue going forward.
Again, we're we're we're trying to look
at revenue uh quarter by quarter. As you
think about the full year, we are
absolutely going to be still uh selling
and providing Blackwell probably at the
same time that we're also seeing Vera
Rubin come to market. Uh this is a very
um uh great architecture that helps them
just today quickly standing up and have
already planned on many different um
orders across the uh different customers
to provide that. It's too early yet to
determine um how much in terms of that
Vera Rubin that beginning ramp uh will
start in the second half um and we'll
get through it but no no confusion in
terms of the strong demand and the
interest. We do expect pretty much every
single customer uh to be purchasing uh
Ver Rubin. Uh the question is are how
soon are we in market and how soon are
they able to stand that up in terms of
in their data centers. Um that was your
first part. The second part was focusing
on our gaming. Um as much as we would
love uh to have additional more supply,
uh we do believe for a couple quarters,
it is going to be very tight. If things
improve by the end of the year, there is
an opportunity to think about what that
is from a year-over-year growth, but
it's still too early for us um uh to
know at this time, and we'll get back to
you as soon as we can.
Your next question comes from Atis Malik
with City. Your line is open.
>> Thank you for taking my question.
Jensen, I'm curious if you can touch on
the importance of CUDA as now more of
the investment dollars in AI are coming
from inference workloads.
>> Still the the most performant inference
stack in the world. Optimizing it for
MVLink
requires us to discover and invent new
parallelization algorithms that sits on
top of CUDA um to uh distribute the
workload and the inferencing uh to take
advantage of the aggregate bandwidth
across MVLink 72. uh MVLink 72 has
enabled us to deliver generationally
50 times more performance per watt. It
is an it's just an incredible leap and
it's sensible. MVLink 72 is a a great
invention. It was hard to do. uh the the
uh the creation of the the switching
technology um disagregating the
switches, building the system racks, all
of that, you know, we did it all in
plain sight and everybody knew knew how
hard it was for us to do. And uh but the
the results are incredible, you know. So
performance per watt is 50 times,
performance per dollar 35 times. And so
the leap in inference is incredible.
It's very important. It's really
important to realize that inference
equals revenues now for our customers
because agents are generating so many
tokens and the results are so effective.
When the agents are coding, it's off
generating thousands, tens of thousands,
hundreds of thousands because they're
running for, you know, minutes to hours.
And so these systems, these agentic
systems are spawning off different
agents working as a team. Um the number
of tokens that are being generated is
really really gone exponential. And so
so we need to inference at a much higher
speed. And when you're inferencing
uh at a much higher speed and each one
of those tokens are dollarized,
it gen it directly translates into
revenues. And so inference equals
inference performance equals revenues
for our customers. For the data centers,
[clears throat] inference tokens per
watt translates directly to the revenues
of the CSPs. And the reason for that is
because everybody is power limited. And
so I mean no matter how many data
centers you have, each data center, you
know, 100 megawatts or one gigawatt has
power limits. So the architecture that
has the best performance per watt
translate
watt which translates in a gigawatt
directly to revenues. And so you could
see that every CSP understands this now.
Every hyperscaler understands this that
capex translates to compute. Compute
with the right architecture
translates to maximizing revenues and
compute equals revenues. Without
investing capacity today without
investing in compute there cannot be
revenue growth. And that that I think
everybody understands. Compute equals
revenues. Choosing the right
architecture is incredibly important.
It's
more than strategic. Now it directly
affects their earnings and choosing the
right architecture, the one with the
best performance per watt is literally
everything.
>> Our next question comes from Ben Ritz
with Melius Research. Your line is open.
>> Yeah. Hey, thanks. First, let me say
kudos on including the stock comp uh in
non-GAAP. I think that's a great move,
but that isn't my question. U my
question is around gross margins and the
s sustainability of the mid70s long
term. Should we read into the visibility
on supply being available into calendar
27 that it's sustainable until until
then? And then Jensen, what about after
that? Are there innovations in memory
consumption you can unveil that makes us
feel better about the ability to keep
margins at that level for a long time?
Thanks.
The single most important lever of our
gross margins is actually delivering
generational leads to our customers.
That is the single most important thing.
If we could deliver
generationally
performance per watt
that exceeds dramatically what Moors law
can do. If we can deliver performance
per dollar dramatically more than the
cost of our systems than the price of
our systems, then we can continue to
sustain our gross margins. That's the
simple most important concept. every the
reason why we're moving so fast is
because number one, the demand for
tokens in the world as a result of the
inflection points that we've gone
through has now has gone completely
exponential. I think we're all seeing
that to the point where even our
six-year-old GPUs in the cloud are
completely consumed and the pricing is
going up. And so we know we know that
the amount of computation necessary the
amount of compute necessary for the for
the modern way of doing software
uh is growing exponentially and so our
strategy is to deliver an entire AI
infrastructure every single year. This
year we introduced six new chips.
Reuben next generation will do many new
chips as well. And every single
generation we are committed to deliver
many X factors of performance per watt
and performance per dollar. And that
pace and our ability to do extreme code
designes allows us to deliver that value
and that benefit to the customers. And
that that is the single most vi vital
thing as it assoc as it relates to our
value delivered.
Your next question comes from Antoine
Chican with New Street Research. Your
line is open. [clears throat]
>> Hi, thanks a lot for those my question.
Um, I'd like to ask about space data
centers uh which some of your customers
are considering. How feasible do you
think that is and what kind of horizon?
Um, and what do the economics look like
today and how do you think that could
evolve over time? Thank you.
Well, the economics are poor today, but
it's going to improve over time. Uh, as
you know, as you know, the way that
space works is radically different than
how it works down here. There's an
abundance of energy. Um, uh, but solar
panels are large, but there's plenty of
space in space.
Uh, the en the heat dissipation, it's
cold in space. Um, however, uh, there's
no there's no air flow. And so the only
way to to uh dissipate heat is through
conduction and the radiators that you
need to create are fairly large. Um
liquid cooling is obviously out of the
question because it's kind of it's heavy
and you know freezes and and so the
methods that we use here on Earth are
are a little different than the way we
would do it in space. Um but there are
many different computing problems that
really wants to be done in space. And so
uh Nvidia is is already the world's
first GPU in space. Hopper is in space.
And um uh one of the best use cases of
of uh GPUs in space is imaging to be
able to imaging image at extremely high
resolutions using using of course of
course uh optics and and and artificial
intelligence and to be able to do that
computation of reprojection of different
angles and be able to to upres and and
do noise reduction and and just be able
to see be able to image at very large,
very high resolutions, extremely large
scales and very, very fast. It's hard to
do that um by sending, you know, pabytes
and pedabytes of imaging data back here
on Earth and doing that work. It's
easier just to do it out in space and
then and then um ignore ignore all of
the data collected and processed until
you see something interesting. And so
artificial intelligence in space will
have very good very interesting
applications.
Your next question comes from Mark
Leakus with Evercore ISI. Your line is
open.
>> Hi, thanks for taking my question. Um, I
want to pick up on the comment you made
on the script about uh revenue
diversification. Um, I believe uh
Colette you said that hyperscalers were
over 50% of revenues but growth was led
by the rest of your data center
customers. And I, you know, as a
clarification, I just want to make sure
I understood that. Does that imply your
your non-hypers scale customers grew
faster? Um, and and if so, um, what are
the can you help us understand what are
the non-hyperscalers doing different?
Are they doing different things than the
hyperscalers? Are the same things on on
a different scale? And and does this do
you expect this trend to continue? would
expect your customer base to evolve to a
point where non-hyperscalers are become
a bigger part of your um the larger part
of your business. Thank you.
>> Yes. Let's let's see if we can help on
uh this question. So when you think
about our top five as we articulated as
being our CSPs, our hyperscalers and
they have uh right now sat at about 50%
of our total revenue. There's a big
organization therefore of diversity of
[clears throat] all different other
types of companies that we are working
with that it goes through our AI model
makers that goes through our enterprises
that goes to supercomputing it goes to
our sovereigns there's a lot of other
different um facts on there but you are
correct it's a very fast growing area as
well uh we have a strong position in
terms of all of our different cloud
providers on our platform form and now
we also have a extreme diversity of
different customers that we are seeing
all the way across the world and this
will really benefit uh seeing that
diversity and being able to serve all of
uh those parts. Let me see if Jensen
wants to add that.
>> Yeah, this is one of the advantages that
we have with our ecosystem all built on
top of CUDA. We have we're we're the
only accelerated computing platform that
is in every cloud that's available
through every single computer maker uh
available at the edge and uh we're now
cultivating uh telecommunications.
Obviously the future radios will all be
AIdriven radios and and the future
wireless network will also be a
computing platform. That is a foregone
conclusion, but somebody has to go and
invent the technologies to make that
possible. And we created the tech, we've
created a platform called Aerial to go
do that. Uh where we're out in just
about every single robot, every single
self-driving car. Um our ability CUDA's
ability uh to have the benefit of the
performance of specialized processors on
the one hand uh with the tensor cores
inside our GPUs. On the other hand, the
flexibility of CUDA allows us to solve
language problems, computer vision
problems, robotics problems, uh to
biology problems, you know, physics
problems and and just about all kinds of
AI and all kinds of uh computation uh
computation algorithms. And so the
diversity of our customer base is one of
the greatest strengths that we have. The
the second thing of course is without
our own ecosystem
even if our even if our processor was
was programmable if we didn't cultivate
our ecosystem uh and talking about some
of the things that we were we're doing
today investing in our future ecosystem
and continue to enhance our ecosystem
without our ecosystem it's hard for us
to grow beyond uh what uh design wins we
capture uh for somebody else's ecosystem
and so we could grow and expand our
ecosystem very naturally because of
because of our uh the the the the the
platform that we've created. And then
lastly, one of the things that's really
important is the partnerships that we
have uh with OpenAI and Anthropic uh
with XAI with Meta now makes and of
course just about every single open
source in the world. There's one and a
half million AI models on hugging face.
All of it runs on Nvidia CUDA and so and
open source in totality probably
represents the largest it's the second
largest model in the world. OpenAI is
the largest, second largest probably all
the collection of all the open uh open
sources. And so Nvidia's ability to run
all of that makes our our platform super
funible, super easy to use and really uh
safe to invest into. And so that creates
that creates the diversity of customers
and and the diversity of the platforms
and um available in every single
country. in uh because you know we
support the the whole world's ecosystem.
>> Your next question comes from Aaron
Rakers with Wells Fargo. Your line is
open.
>> Yeah, thanks for taking the question. Um
I guess you know sticking with the idea
of the platform and and extreme code
design. Some of the news over this last
quarter has obviously been Nvidia's
ability or or push to bring Vera uh CPUs
to market on a standalone solution uh
basis. So I guess Jensen, I'm curious of
what's the importance that Vera plays in
this architecture evolution as we move
forward? Uh is this being driven more by
the the proliferation or the
heterogeneiality of of inference
workloads? I'm just curious of how you
see that evolving uh for Nvidia uh
particularly on a standalone CPU basis.
Thank you.
>> Yeah, thanks. I uh and I I'll tell you
some more about it at GTC, but at the
highest level, we made we made
fundamentally different architecture
decisions about our CPUs compared to the
rest of the world CPUs. It's the only
data center CPU that supports LPDDR5.
Um it is um uh designed to be to be uh
uh focused on very high data processing
capabilities and the reason for that is
because most of the computing problems
that we're interested in are data driven
artificial intelligence being one and
and um the the single threaded
performance in this ratio with bandwidth
is just off the charts
and And um and we we made those
architectural decisions because in the
entire phase the different phases of AI
from data processing before you even do
training you have to do data processing.
So you have data processing,
pre-training and in post-training. Now
um the AIs are learning how to use tools
and and um the usage of tools. Many of
those tools run in CPU only environments
or they run in CPU with GPU accelerated
environments and um Vera was Var was
designed to be an excellent CPU for
post- training and and so some of the
some of the use cases in in the in the
entire pipeline of um artificial
intelligence includes uh using a lot of
CPUs. you know we we love CPUs as well
as GPUs and when you accelerate the
algorithms to the limit as we have uh
AMD doll's law would suggest that you
need really really fast single threaded
CPUs and that's the reason why we built
uh grace to be to be uh extraordinarily
great at single threaded performance and
Vera is off the charts better than that.
Your next question comes from Tim Aruri
with UBS. Your line is open.
>> Thanks a lot. Um Klet, I was wondering
if you can talk about the deployment of
um capital. Uh I know that you really
jacked up the purchase commits. Uh but
it sounds like maybe you're over the
hump on this and you're going to
probably generate about a hundred
million in cash this year. So uh and you
know pretty much no matter how good the
results have been, the stock hasn't
really gone up gone up much. So I would
think it's that you probably feel like
this is a pretty uh uh good price to be
you know buying back a bunch of it here.
So I was wondering if you can talk about
that like you know question being why
not put a big stake in the ground and
just you know have a huge share repo
here. Thanks.
>> So uh thanks for the question. Um we
look at our capital return uh very very
carefully and we do believe that one of
the most important things that we can do
is really supporting the extreme oak um
ecosystem that's in front of us that
stems from everywhere from our suppliers
and the work that we need to do to
asssure that we can have the supply
that's needed and help them from a
capacity all the way that we are in
terms of the early developers of the AI
solution. solutions that will be on our
platform. So we will continue to make
this a very important part of our
process and strategic investments. But
of course we are still repurchasing our
stock. We are still with our dividend as
well and we will continue to find the
right unique opportunities within the
year uh for doing those different
purchases.
Your final question comes from Jim
Schneider with Goldman Sachs. Your line
is open.
Thank you for taking my question. Uh
Jonathan, you've previously outlined the
potential to get to 3 to 4 trillion of
data center capex by 2030 which implies
a potential acceleration in growth rates
which you've sort of uh guided to this
at least this next quarter. The question
is, what are some of the key application
areas that you believe are most likely
to drive that inflection? Is that
physical AI, agentic or something else?
And do you still feel good about that
three to four trillion dollar envelope?
Thank you.
>> Yeah, let's let's uh let's back that up
and and just reason through it from a a
few different ways. So the first way is
is uh our first principles. The way that
software is done in the future using AI
is token driven and I think you you
everybody talks about tokconomics and
talks about data centers generating
tokens and inference is about generating
tokens and um we generate tokens you
know we're just talking about tokens uh
how Nvidia's NVLink 72 enabled us to
generate tokens at 50 times better
performance per unit energy than the
previous generation.
And so token generation is at the center
of almost everything that relates to
software in the future and relates to
computing. Uh if you look at look at the
way we use computing in the past.
However, uh the amount of computation
demand for software in the past is a a
tiny fraction of what is necessary in
the future. And AI is here. AI is not
going to go back. uh AI is only going
only get better from here. And so if you
think about it and you said okay well
the world was investing about three to
400 billion dollars a year in classical
computing
and now AI is here and the amount of
computation necessary is a thousand
times higher than uh the way we used to
do computing. the computing demand is
just a lot higher. And so if if we
continue to believe there's value in it,
and we'll talk about that in a second,
then then uh the world will invest uh to
produce that token. And so the amount of
token generation capability uh that the
world needs is a lot more than $700
billion. And and uh I'm fairly confident
that we're going to continue to generate
tokens. We're going to continue to
invest in compute capacity um from this
point out and and uh fundamentally
because
every single company depends on
software. Every software will depend on
AI and so every company will produce
tokens and that's the reason why I call
them AI factories
and and uh whether your company in the
cloud data centers you have AI factories
to generate tokens for your revenues. If
you're enterprise software company,
you're going to generate tokens for the
agentic systems that are on top of your
tools. Uh if you are a robotics factory
um and uh self-driving cars first
indication of that, you have huge
supercomputers which are basically AI
factories to generate tokens um that
goes into your cars that becomes its AI
and then you also have to put computers
inside the cars to continuously generate
tokens. And so uh we're fairly sure now
that this is the future of computing.
Now why is it so certain that this is
the future of computing and the reason
for that is because the way we used to
do software was pre-recorded.
Everything was captured a priori. We
pre-ompile the software. We pre we
pre-write the content. We pre-record the
videos. Um but now everything is
generative in real time and when it's
generated in real time it could take
into context of the person the situation
um the query and the intentions could
all be taken into into consideration to
generate the outcome of this new
software called we call AI agentic AI
and so the amount of computation
necessary
um is far far greater than pre-recorded
You know, just as just as a a computer
has a lot more computation capability
than a DVD recorder, a DVD player that
was pre-recorded, artificial
intelligence needs a lot more computing
capability than the way we used to do
software in the past. Now the question
about the question about um uh
computation about sustainability at the
first level level is just at the
computer science level this is the way
computing is going to be done.
Now from an industrial level
because all of our companies in the
final analysis are powered by software
and the cloud companies are powered by
software and if the new software
requires tokens to be generated and the
tokens are monetized, then it stands to
reason that their data center buildout
directly drives their revenues. And so
compute drives revenues and I think they
all understand that. I think people are
increasingly starting to understand that
as well. And then lastly,
um you know, the benefits that AI
produces uh for the world ultimately has
to generate revenues. And we're seeing
right in front right right being
developed as we see as as we stand here.
Um Agentic AI has turned an inflection
point and it literally happened in the
last couple of two three months. Of
course, inside the industry, we've been
seeing it for a while, you know,
probably 6 months or so. Um, but the
world is now awakened to the agentic AI
inflection. The agents are super smart.
They're solving real problems.
Coding is obviously supported by agentic
systems now. And all of our coders here
at NVIDIA are using agentic systems
either cloud code or open AAI codecs um
enormously to uh and oftentimes both and
cursor oftentimes all three depends on
the use case um but they have agents and
co- co you know design partners
engineering partners to help them solve
problems
and you could see their revenue
skyrocket you know these companies In
the case of Anthropic, I think their
revenues 10xed in a year and they are
severely capacity constrained because
demand is just incredible and the the
token demand is incredible. The token
generation rate is growing exponentially
and the same thing with of course open
AAI their demand is incredible and so
the more compute that they can stand
online bring online the faster their
revenues will grow. And that goes back
to uh the the comment that I was saying
that inference is revenues that compute
equals revenues now in this new new
world and uh in a lot of ways that's the
reason why we say it's a new industrial
revolution there are new factories new
infrastructure being built and uh uh and
this new way of doing computing is not
going to go back and so to the extent
that we believe that producing tokens uh
is going to be the future of computing
which I I believe and I think largely
the the industry believes then we're
going to be building out this capacity
from this point forward and uh continue
to expand from here. Now the the thing
that is the wave that we're seeing now
is the agentic AI uh inflection and the
next inflection beyond that is physical
AI where we take AI and these agentic
systems into the physical applications
such as manufacturing such as robotics
and so that's a giant opportunity ahead.
Okay,
>> this concludes the question and answer
session. I'll turn the call to Tasha
Harry.
>> In closing, please note Jensen will be
participating in a fireside chat at the
Morgan Stanley TMT conference in San
Francisco on March 4th. He'll also be
giving a keynote at GTC in San Jose on
March 16th. Our earnings call to discuss
the results of our first quarter of
fiscal 2027 is scheduled for May 20th.
Thank you for joining us today.
Operator, please go ahead and close the
call.
>> Thank you. This concludes today's
conference call. You may now disconnect.